The BSD Partitioning screen is used to define filesystems to be mounted
by BSD/OS.  To install BSD/OS you must have at least a root filesystem (/),
a swap partition, and a /usr filesystem.  Typically the root filesystem
is at least 8MB, swap is at least the size of memory, and /usr is the
remainder of the space allocated to BSD/OS.  If you plan to have /tmp
mounted in memory, you should make the swap partition at least 16 MB,
preferably more.  For more information on determining sizes, please
refer to the installation guide for help in determining how much disk
space you will need to install BSD/OS.

At this point you may either go on to the next phase, alter a filesystem
displayed in the filesystem table, define a filesystem, delete the
description of a filesystem, or exit this phase without making any
changes.

You may use one of the following commands:

A   Use 'A' to add a new partition.  Disksetup will default the new
    partition to the next needed partition.

D   Use 'D' to delete the definition of a partition.  You will need to
    do this if your disk has old data on it that you no longer want.
    Deleting a partition will cause you to lose all the data contained
    in that partition.

E   Use 'E' to change any of the parameters of a partition.  Generally
    you will only need to delete and add partitions.

I   Use 'I' to import an FDISK partition as a BSD/OS partition.  Use
    this to assign a DOS partition to a BSD/OS partition (typically
    the 'd' partition) to enable BSD/OS to mount the DOS partition.
    Currently, extended DOS partitions will need hand management once
    imported.  The actual DOS filesystem is typically located one
    track into the extended DOS partition.

N   Use 'N' to record the changes you have made and go on to the next
    phase of disksetup.  The changes will not actually be applied until
    you finish setting up your disk.

X   Discard all changes to the partition table and exit this phase of
    the program.  No changes to the partition table will be written to
    the disk.
