Edit the ending sector of the partition.  The ending sector may be
an arbitrary sector beyond the offset of the partition.  You may
enter numbers in megabytes or cylinders by pressing m or c after
typing in the number.  This will convert your number to the correct
number of sectors.  Pressing the upper case letters M and C you
can convert to the appropriate number of sectors such that the
partition will end on a cylinder boundary.  You can alter the
current ending sector by a relative amount by preceding the number
with a + or -.

ESC    Cancel all changes to this partition.
ENTER  Apply changes to this partition.
TAB    Go on to editing the letter the partition is assigned to

[0-9.] Use the number keys to enter the ending sector of the partition. 
       When entering in megabytes or cylinders you may use a floating
       point number.

+ or - Start a entering a value which will be relative to the current
       ending sector displayed.

^H     Delete the last character typed.
DEL    Delete the last character typed.

^U     Clear the field.
^W     Clear the field.

U      Undo the current changes to the partition ending sector and
       redisplay the value that was displayed upon entering this field.

X      Set partition ending sector to the maximum value given the current
       starting offset.  The maximum value is one which will not cause
       this partition to overlap any other partition or run off the end
       of the disk.

    The following modifiers are always entered after a number has been
    entered.  When the modifier is entered whatever number that is
    currently displayed is converted to sectors.

S or = Apply the current, possibly relative, number to the ending
       sector of the partition.  Treat the current value displayed
       in sectors.

T      Apply the current, possibly relative, number to the ending
       sector of the partition.  Treat the current value displayed
       in tracks.

c      Apply the current, possibly relative, number to the ending
       sector of the partition.  Treat the current value displayed
       in cylinders.
C      ... and adjust the ending sector such that the partition will
       end on a cylinder boundary.

m      Apply the current, possibly relative, number to the ending
       sector of the partition.  Treat the current value displayed
       in megabytes.
M      ... and adjust the ending sector such that the partition will
       end on a cylinder boundary.
