Edit the length of the partition.  The length may be an arbitrary number
of sectors.  Numbers in megabytes or cylinders may be entered by pressing
m or c after typing in the number.  This will convert the number to the
correct number of sectors.  Press upper case M or C to convert to the
appropriate number of sectors such that the partition will end on a
cylinder boundary.  You can alter the current length by a relative amount
by preceding the number with a + or -.

ESC    Cancel all changes to this partition.
ENTER  Apply changes to this partition.
TAB    Go on to editing the starting offset of the partition

[0-9.] Use the number keys to enter the length of the partition.  When
       entering in megabytes or cylinders you may use a floating point
       number.

+ or - Start a entering a value which will be relative to the current
       length displayed.

^H     Delete the last character typed.
DEL    Delete the last character typed.

^U     Clear the field.
^W     Clear the field.

U      Undo the current changes to the partition length and redisplay
       the value that was displayed upon entering this field.

X      Set partition length to the maximum value given the current
       starting offset.  The maximum value is one which will not cause
       this partition to overlap any other partition or run off the end
       of the disk.

    The following modifiers can only be entered after a number has been
    entered.  When the modifier is entered, whatever number is currently
    displayed is converted to sectors.  The conversion is done
    immediately.  The ENTER key does not need to be pressed.
    

S or = Apply the current, possibly relative, number to the length of the
       partition.  Treat the current value displayed in sectors.

T      Apply the current, possibly relative, number to the length of the
       partition.  Treat the current value displayed in tracks.

c      Apply the current, possibly relative, number to the length of the
       partition.  Treat the current value displayed in cylinders.
C      ... and adjust the length such that the partition will end on a
       cylinder boundary.

m      Apply the current, possibly relative, number to the length of the
       partition.  Treat the current value displayed in megabytes.
M      ... and adjust the length such that the partition will end on a
       cylinder boundary.
