Edit the starting offset of the partition.  The starting offset will be
automatically adjusted according to the rules associated with the type
of partition.  You may enter numbers in megabytes or cylinders by
pressing m or c after typing in the number.  This will convert you
number to the correct number of sectors.  Pressing the upper case letter
M can convert to the appropriate number of sectors such that the
partition will start on a cylinder boundary.  You may alter the current
offset by a relative amount by preceding the number with a + or -.

ESC    Cancel all changes to this partition.
ENTER  Apply changes to this partition.
TAB    Go on to editing the type of the partition

[0-9.] Use the number keys to enter the offset of the partition.  When
       entering in megabytes or cylinders you may use a floating point
       number.

+ or - Start entering a value which will be relative to the current
       offset displayed.

^H     Delete the last character typed.
DEL    Delete the last character typed.

^U     Clear the field.
^W     Clear the field.

U      Undo the current changes to the partition offset and redisplay
       the value that was displayed upon entering this field.

X      Set partition offset to the value which will increase the size
       of the partition to the maximum space available.  This is done
       by decreasing the the starting offset of the partition to start
       just after the previous partition, if possible.

    The following modifiers are always entered after a number has been
    entered.  When the modifier is entered whatever number that is
    currently displayed is converted to sectors.

S or = Apply the current, possibly relative, number to the offset of the
       partition.  Treat the current value displayed in sectors.

T      Apply the current, possibly relative, number to the offset of the
       partition.  Treat the current value displayed in tracks.

C      Apply the current, possibly relative, number to the offset of the
       partition.  Treat the current value displayed in cylinders.

m      Apply the current, possibly relative, number to the offset of the
       partition.  Treat the current value displayed in megabytes.
M      ... and adjust the offset such that the partition will start on a
       cylinder boundary.
